You kiss me and I'll tell you
The doctor said
Grandma's illness can no longer be stimulated
If you see us having a wedding
If they are happy
Let's do it then.
Happy home is the most important thing
But after the wedding
Everyone will know we were married
It will affect your relationship with Ji Xue in the future
That's for later
Don't think too much.
Our wedding is in two days
You can think about what style you want.
I'll ask the designer to customize it for you.
Min Wei, sorry
Even if only for a year
I also want to selfishly let everyone know
You are my rightful Mrs. Lee
old lady
stinky lady
You know you bought him so many wedding gifts
He must have been so happy.
I hope they can let me hold my great-grandson soon
Hahaha
Mr. Li
Is there something on your face?
Very beautiful.
Wedding dress and you
They're all beautiful.
Yeah, what about Grandma?
Didn't he say he had something for me?
Grandma came to the hotel
Some things are not ready yet
This is Mingwei
Yes. What's wrong?
You are suspected of teaching the wrong person to arrest Ms. Qin Mingzhu
Please close the door and iron it.